Add mTLS certificate expiration date validation (#1434)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/security/tls-ssl.md

    - If your database uses Replica Of or Active-Active replication, you will need to add the syncer certificates for the participating clusters. The steps for each are below.
1. Optional: To limit connections further to a subset of those with valid certificates, enforce **Subject Alternative Name** and enter authorized users separated with commas.
1. Select **Update** at the bottom of the screen to save your configuration.

> 1. Optional: Redis Enterprise enforce client certificate expiration date validation by default. It can be disabled on the database level using rladmin tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optional: Redis Enterprise enforces client certificate expiration date validation by default. It can be disabled on the database level using rladmin tool.
```

> 1. Optional: Redis Enterprise enforces client certificate expiration date validation by default. It can be disabled on the database level using rladmin tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Optional: By default, Redis Enterprise Software validates client certificate expiration dates.  You can use `rladmin` to disable this behavior.
```
